feat(issue-54): backport pr commits without squash (#55)
kiegroup/git-backporting: README.md

* **[Who is this tool for](#who-is-this-tool-for)**
* **[CLI tool](#cli-tool)**
* **[GitHub action](#github-action)**
* **[Future works](#future-works)**
* **[Migrating to v4](#migrating-to-v4)**
* **[Contributing](#contributing)**

> * **[Package release](#package-release)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[Development](#development)**
```

Author: applied as well

**Hint**: if you are still in a `work in progress` branch and you want to push your changes remotely, consider adding `--no-verify` for both `commit` and `push`, e.g., `git push origin <feat-branch> --no-verify`

> ## Package release
> 
> The release of this package is entirely based on [release-it](https://github.com/release-it/release-it) tool. I created some useful scripts that can make the release itself quite easy.
> 
> 
> ### Automated release
> 
> The first step is to prepare the changes for the next release, this is done by running:
> 
> ```bash
> $ npm run release:prepare:all
> ```
> 
> > NOTE: running locally this requires `npm login`, please consider using `.github/workflows/prepare-release.yml` if you don't have permission on the npm package.
> 
> This script performs the following steps:
>  1. Automatically computes the next version based on the last commits
>  2. Create a new branch `release/v${computed_version}`
>  3. Apply all changes, like version and changelog upgrade
>  4. Commit those changes: `chore: release v${compute_version}`
> 
> After that you should just push the new branch and open the pull request.
> > NOTE: if you don't want to run this preparation from you local environment, there is already a workflow that does all these steps, including the pull request. See [Prepare release](.github/workflows/prepare-release.yml) workflow.
> 
> Once the release preparion pull request got merged, you can run [Release package](.github/workflows/release.yml) workflow that automatically performs the release itself, including npm publishing, git tag and github release.
> 
> ### Manual release
> 
> In case we would like to perform a manual release, it would be enough to open a pull request changing the following items:
> - Package version inside the `package.json`
> - Provide exhaustive changelog information inside `CHANGELOG.md`
> - Commit like `chore: release v<version>`
> 
> Once the release preparion pull request got merged, run [Release package](.github/workflows/release.yml) workflow.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Development

### Package release

The release of this package is entirely based on [release-it](https://github.com/release-it/release-it) tool. I created some useful scripts that can make the release itself quite easy.

#### Automatic release

The first step is to prepare the changes for the next release, this is done by running:

```bash
$ npm run release:prepare:all
```

> NOTE: running locally this requires `npm login`, please consider using `.github/workflows/prepare-release.yml` if you don't have permission on the npm package.

This script performs the following steps:
 1. Automatically computes the next version based on the last commits
 2. Create a new branch `release/v${computed_version}`
 3. Apply all changes, like version and changelog upgrade
 4. Commit those changes: `chore: release v${compute_version}`

After that you should just push the new branch and open the pull request.
> NOTE: if you don't want to run this preparation from you local environment, there is already a workflow that does all these steps, including the pull request. See [Prepare release](.github/workflows/prepare-release.yml) workflow.

Once the release preparion pull request got merged, you can run [Release package](.github/workflows/release.yml) workflow that automatically performs the release itself, including npm publishing, git tag and github release.

#### Manual release

In case we would like to perform a manual release, it would be enough to open a pull request changing the following items:
- Package version inside the `package.json`
- Provide exhaustive changelog information inside `CHANGELOG.md`
- Commit like `chore: release v<version>`

Once the release preparion pull request got merged, run [Release package](.github/workflows/release.yml) workflow.

```

Author: change applied, thanks mate!
